What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When I initialize a repository I make a folder/project available for tracking by git (or other version control system). I need to do it because it's a start point to make fixing bugs and tracking changes in the code a lot more easier.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

Staging area is like conveyor that's linking the working directory and repository. Working directory is a bunch of parts that you need to put on coveyor (the staging area) to reach the final product state (to become a repository). Staging area also represents the delta or the difference between the working directory and repository in my opinion. Because only the files that are on the staging area will be actually committed to the repository and so the changes will be only applied to those files that were on the staging area.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

I can use the staging area to add files that I've made the logical changes to. And by adding them I can then compare them with the files that are in the working directory to make sure that I've only got files prepared to commit that I actually want.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

1. Localization
2. Adding/testing a new experimental feature
=
First of all, branches help to keep a project's structure more clean and easier to understand without a need to create unnecessary files (e.g. for localization). Also if you want to test out a new feature that you want to add to your project, it helps to keep the main (current) version free of bugs and issues that might appear in the process of integrating a new feature.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

By visualizing. They help to see what commits are unreachable and what changes has been made to every branch in the repository. So you can view what commits refer to appropriate branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The result of merging to branches together is a commit that includes changes made to the common commit of two branches (that are merged) in both of two branches. We represent it in the diagram in such way to visualize what commits are actually continue to be available for a checkout. 